Improvement of documentation of thermal storage (#42)
oemof/oemof-thermal: docs/stratified_thermal_storage.rst

  \delta &= U \frac{\pi d^2}{4}\Big(\Delta T_{H0} + \Delta T_{C0}\Big) \Delta t.

The three terms represent:
* :math:`\delta`: constant heat losses through the top and bottom surfaces

> * :math:`\gamma \cdot Q_N`: losses via the lateral surface depending on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :math:`\gamma \cdot Q_N`: losses through the total lateral surface assuming the storage to be empty (storage is at :math:`T_{C}` and :math:`\Delta T_{C0}` is the driving temperature difference)
```

Reviewer: What about a bit more explaination?

Author: ```suggestion
* :math:`\gamma \cdot Q_N`: losses through the total lateral surface assuming the storage to be empty (storage is at :math:`T_{C}` and :math:`\Delta T_{C0}` is the driving temperature difference), depending on the height of the storage
```

> height of the storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Has to be removed if suggestion above is exepted.

> * :math:`\beta \cdot Q_{t-1}`: losses depending on the part of that surface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :math:`\beta \cdot Q_{t-1}`: addional losses through lateral surface that
```

> belonging to the hot part of the water body that depend on the state of charge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
belong to the hot part of the water body
```

Author: ```suggestion
belong to the hot part of the water body, depending on the state of charge
```

    :math:`T_0`               :py:obj:`temp_env`                         Environment temperature
                                                                         timeseries [deg C]

    :math:`Q_t`                                                          Stored thermal energy
                                                                         [MWh] at timestep t

    :math:`Q_{t-1}`                                                      Stored thermal energy
                                                                         [MWh] at timestep before t

> 

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to remove this part. It is uncommon to explain different instances of an indexed variable.

Author: Thats fine for me, but we should descirbe Q in generell

Author: I removed Q_t and Q_t-1 and just added Q.
